a makeshift Market set up next to tents
housing the displaced in Rafa there's
not much on offer here a few canned
goods fruits and some vegetables
Palestinians are desperate for the
basics but the cost of what's on offer
is too high for many families here
remember a time when things weren't so
desperate now we cannot even find a loaf
of bread even if I could afford it I am
an old man unemployed and it's too
expensive Ramadan is around the corner I
wonder how gazans will be able to
survive with this shortage of food
Israel's war on Gaza has caused a
humanitarian crisis people simply don't
have enough to
eat 1 kilo of frozen meat is sold for
almost $30 what for a pound of tomatoes
in High season was half a dollar now one
kilo goes for close to $3 or even
more the war weighs heavily on Rafa's
population many displaced multiple times
Sheltering from Israeli guns and
bombs from the moment we wake up till
the moment we sleep we are battling to
survive fighting to get our hands on
some water to get hold of a loaf of
bread for our children we are exhausted
mentally and physically this is
unbearable I cannot tolerate it
anymore there's uncertainty about what
the future holds for those Sheltering in
Rafa the fasting month of Ramadan is
arriving soon a time of prayer
contemplation kindness and charity hard
to observe when you're under constant
bombardment Mike lapple El
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer